Joan Kandel: I'm going to set to recording. Okay, well that Trevor in
Joan Kandel: Well, let me just tell you a little bit about Trevor, so he was in the program.
Joan Kandel: For a while I think he saw yes he saw the embryos.
Joan Kandel: Gabriel girls.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: And then he, I don't know how long he was in the program he relapsed and he just was recently in an inpatient place in Texas found it very helpful. And now he's back again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And then Gary is the one from Arizona.
Joan Kandel: He's really nice guy.
Joan Kandel: And Ella. I just did her intake yesterday she is 12 weeks pregnant and she's young and struggling and hopefully she'll do very well in the program.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To Angelina, she can get me scheduled to do Trevor and Ellis is
Joan Kandel: Awesome. So you can look and see Trevor may have been a bio psychosocial from not too long ago, but I don't know.
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so
Joan Kandel: I don't know to those
Joan Kandel: Like if they've had one of those, then they don't need another one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They leave and they come back, we do like a refresher.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, perfect. You can update the previous shoe.
Joan Kandel: Perfect.
Joan Kandel: All right, I'm gonna let Trevor in
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Hey, Trevor.
Hey there.
Joan Kandel: You made it. Good to see you.
Trevor Burger: Yes, ma'am. How are you all
Joan Kandel: Good, Trevor. This is Jessica. She's the therapist.
Trevor Burger: I Jessica.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Nice to meet you.
This man.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you were in a program previously.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, for
Trevor Burger: Close to a year and then I tore my ACL about two and a half months ago and I relapsed and
Trevor Burger: I went back to a treatment called the Hacienda
Trevor Burger: And did 30 days and
Trevor Burger: Call back here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thanks for getting back on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The wagon and choosing us again how did you, how did you tear your ACL.
Trevor Burger: dirt bike.
Trevor Burger: I grew up racing dirt bikes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you, recovering. Ouch.
Trevor Burger: I actually might well my ACL. The doctor said that it
Trevor Burger: exploded in my knee and the end of it looks like mops, like a mop.
Trevor Burger: A doctor's appointment in the morning to find out. I know I have to have surgery but I think I was telling the doctor you
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Trevor Burger: I was gonna wait but the appointment I have tomorrow. They think that if I wait any longer that it'll mess up my leg forever because it's just grinding bone on bone, so hopefully I can figure something out in the morning, but I'll let you guys know as soon as I know
Joan Kandel: Good, yeah. So that's tomorrow you're having that appointment.
Joan Kandel: Yes. Good. And you already had your MRI. That's how
It looks like a mom.
Joan Kandel: It's a horrible description.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, it really doesn't hurt right now. I heard the first couple weeks. But as long as I'm walking on flat ground, it really doesn't hurt.
Haha
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some other group members to join us.
Joan Kandel: So, Trevor. We should have
Joan Kandel: Two other people in the group so far, like I was telling you it's. This is a new group. So we're. This is the first time that we're meeting. So we're all getting to know each other at the same time. So we should have two more. And then the group will grow as as time goes on.
Joan Kandel: Hopefully they will come. So I'll just ask you, Trevor. How, how are you doing on your on your dose.
Trevor Burger: I'm good. The past like three or four days I've been waking up at like two, three in the morning with stomach problems. But, and as soon as I take my Suboxone at seven. Oh, I'm fine. It's just
Trevor Burger: Starts kind of cramping real bad. And then I have a little bit of diarrhea. But other than that, I've been fine.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. And I'm Remind me again how you take it. Do you take it you take it a half, three times a day.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, I take it at seven and nine.
Joan Kandel: Seven to nine. So I'm wondering if um
Joan Kandel: If there's a way that you could you could even it out like every eight hours.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, because, because you're taking it kind of bunched up during the day you're there's a longer period of time overnight, which is probably why you're waking up.
Joan Kandel: In the early hours and it's just starting to wear off. So maybe you could do, you know, seven three and 10
Trevor Burger: Yeah. Cuz that's
Trevor Burger: Good or bad or right on a ride around town.
Joan Kandel: Right around 10 so maybe you can take it right
Joan Kandel: Before try stretching out the the middle one, and then take the other one right before bed that might help you with that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I'm just wearing off a little bit earlier.
Yeah.
Trevor Burger: Y'all doing I'm doing good. I'm
Trevor Burger: Good man.
Joan Kandel: How about craving.
Trevor Burger: No, nothing.
Joan Kandel: Day. That's kind of feel good.
Trevor Burger: I've been doing good.
Joan Kandel: That's great. Good for you. Okay, good. So you need a refill. Yes.
Trevor Burger: Yes, and I think I'll have time to get it. My pharmacy closes at six. But I think as long as I go right after this. I could get it. I thought it closed at five and email you but right there. They are not supposed to close till nine but they do it because of this Corona thing.
Joan Kandel: Right. So now, but it's six not five
Trevor Burger: Yes, six.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so did you get the second yeah prescription that I put in. Okay.
Trevor Burger: I have enough to get me through today, and then I'll have another half left
Joan Kandel: Got it. So if worst case scenario if they weren't open after our
Joan Kandel: Fun. You could still get it in the morning and you wouldn't have to be without doses.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, good. I like it. Okay. So right after our group.
Joan Kandel: I'll put it in, and hopefully you can get over there tonight.
Trevor Burger: Or first. If not, it's ok though.
Trevor Burger: Thank you.
Joan Kandel: Okay, yeah.
Joan Kandel: You bet. What, what time is your ortho appointment tomorrow.
Trevor Burger: It's it too. So it's two o'clock, Texas. It's one o'clock, New Mexico time
Joan Kandel: Okay. Is it in Texas.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, it's in love it.
Joan Kandel: Oh, you have to go over there.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, there's just not really there's not even one orthopedic surgeon here.
Oh, wow.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm from Florida and I hear a lot of patients that like travel the Texas. I'm wondering how far is Texas from New Mexico.
Trevor Burger: Now it's right next to it where I live in Clovis it's eight miles from the border.
Trevor Burger: Of Texas.
Okay.
Trevor Burger: I only have an hour trip.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, being born and raised in Florida. When I hear some people say, I work in Texas. I'm thinking
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But it seems to me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: It depends what part of New Mexico, like I'm way up in northern New
Joan Kandel: Mexico and Texas is really far.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, the
Joan Kandel: Other end of the state.
Joan Kandel: For Trevor, so it kind of depends where you are.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I am I message in Slack, to see if anyone else was coming in because the minimum of three.
Joan Kandel: And they did group right
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, so
Joan Kandel: So yeah, I see that you wrote that I don't
Joan Kandel: I don't know it's it's unusual because I talked to both of them who said they were coming
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, and I even checked the surveys and I'm always show Trevor, I'll see
Trevor Burger: I know that I was in the in the waiting room for like 28 minutes
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I've been hearing that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the virtual
Trevor Burger: A lot. And then like whenever they first see you then they send you to another round so away on somebody else.
Joan Kandel: Right, so that actually is. It is an attempt to make it quicker. It seems like it's not quicker but I think
Joan Kandel: They've gotten so
Joan Kandel: overwhelmed with the number of people who are interested in services that they have
Joan Kandel: No, especially now that's
Joan Kandel: Exactly right.
Joan Kandel: They have a new system where you first call in and you get to like the first one who figures out which group you're going to them, they send you to another one. And so that they're trying to distribute it because it used to be that just to get into that first one it would back, way up.
Joan Kandel: So now they're trying to get it faster. So even though it took a long time. It's probably actually faster.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, it
Trevor Burger: Would have been no it was faster.
Trevor Burger: As soon as they saw me. I was done, but
Trevor Burger: Oh, nice. You don't have to wait. After they send you to the next one. There's somebody right there already. It's just seeing the first person.
Joan Kandel: Got it.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: So, so we'll say, and
Joan Kandel: You know, Jessica, if others don't show then
Joan Kandel: I can just do this as an individual.
Joan Kandel: And then we can
Joan Kandel: Do it next week. Actually, why don't we do that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, because, because it's not going to be worth it to have just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Exactly.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I was thinking whether I could do his bio psychosocial now or just oh
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Gather the BIOS, I sure whatever you prefer.
Joan Kandel: Whatever I prefer
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, yes.
Joan Kandel: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want to meet with him about
Joan Kandel: No. So we just talked. Not long ago, and I just did his, his check in. So I'm good. So if you
Joan Kandel: And if the other to come in. I'll just do individuals with them.
Joan Kandel: Okay, for their medical check in.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and then you can schedule with those two for their locker visit
Yes.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: And so, yeah, you can use this time with Trevor.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so I'm going to make you the host will your co host. So I'm going to
Joan Kandel: Make you
Joan Kandel: The host. And then all step aside so Trevor, I will. I'm going to step out and I will see you next Wednesday. Same time
Trevor Burger: I'll be
Joan Kandel: Good to see you. I'm going to put your script in and good luck tomorrow on your appointment.
Joan Kandel: Thank you.
Trevor Burger: I will, thank you.
Joan Kandel: Perfect. Awesome. Okay, so I'm gonna leave you, Jessica.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, thank you.
Joan Kandel: Okay, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thanks. So all that we're discussing Trevor is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Since we don't have with the other group members, we're just going to make the most use of this time by meeting with you one on one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To do with the bio psychosocial probably have a call when you first joined the program have an individual session with the therapist, where they asked you about past
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: History about your family, and then also present what your vision is like for you now moving arrangements looks like so.
Trevor Burger: I just did another one at that treatment. I was just that, so I don't
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Need this for your chart here. So let me see how many first came into the program.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You will with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The April. Correct.
Trevor Burger: Actually, it was Dr element.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, that's okay.
Trevor Burger: I saw her to i just i
Trevor Burger: My schedule at work got changed. And that's why I started seeing Dr. Aubrey oh
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, got it. All right, so I'm just pulling up your bio psychosocial from November of 2019 you did it with one of your who's also one of the bear is here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So tell me what I'm reading here is that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your addiction. When did your addiction start
Trevor Burger: I was 16
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Mm hmm.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And what were you using
Trevor Burger: The first thing
Trevor Burger: I ever did was
Trevor Burger: Pain medication i like i said i grew up racing dirt bikes and I got hurt and it got given to me.
Trevor Burger: The first, you know, few times I got hurt. It really didn't. I think I was more worried about when I could get back to writing. Then I was the pain pills and then
Trevor Burger: Whenever I was, well, I started selling drugs when I was 16 I was selling weed and ecstasy, but I never got high and never touched it.
Trevor Burger: The only thing I've ever done was prescribed pain medication. And then whenever I was in August of 2014 I broke my spleen and half with the motorcycle wreck and that's
Trevor Burger: I was on bed rest for six months because I lost so much blood and that's when I really got addicted to it. And whenever the script or and now I mean I was already been selling drugs for a couple years. So I just kept buying them.
Trevor Burger: And then right whenever I got released after that six months, I went to the hospital thought I had the flu.
Trevor Burger: And they came in and they told me they were like the helicopters about to be here because my scar tissue attached right underneath my stomach and like twisted it
Trevor Burger: So I was throwing up everything I ate so they had to cut it open again. And that was another four months. So after that year. It was, I was pretty much addicted to them. And I never quit after that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, yeah.
Trevor Burger: I started smoking weed somewhere in the middle of their like 1617 somewhere.
Trevor Burger: But that was it.
Trevor Burger: And then after that second surgery. I was doing a lot of pain medication and the same doctor that was giving me the pain medication and put me on Xanax, because I was
Trevor Burger: I felt like I was going crazy. I lost like my whole life. Pretty much all that racing. I couldn't do anymore and
Trevor Burger: I was just
Trevor Burger: At home alone, and I was
Trevor Burger: I mean, I'm sure I was having anxiety, but he put me on a really high amount. And then after I found that that was another thing I never stopped doing. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, um, during this course of the addiction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What was the first treatment that you sought out, you can try just detox in Turkey. What programs do you participate
Trevor Burger: I actually
Trevor Burger: I got arrested for my I got to do you eyes and like a month and a half. And I had court ordered me to my first treatment and I wasn't, I wasn't trying to get clean but
Trevor Burger: It was either, you know, having to which are in the jail cold turkey or good to go there. So that's what I did. And I got high. The day I got home from that rehab is a 60 day rehab in love it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, is there any family members that happens through of addiction.
Trevor Burger: My dad was an alcoholic and my little brother's an alcoholic and pretty much my entire side of my dad's family.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some, some addiction alcohol whatever about John's
Trevor Burger: Much
Trevor Burger: All my cousins on the dad side of my family, but that's pretty my little brother doesn't do any drugs he just drinks. Neither did my dad. He just drank.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So when did you first join our program was about a year ago, right.
Trevor Burger: Now close to a year ago.
Trevor Burger: Or maybe not. I was with a different program from
Trevor Burger: That was doing Suboxone from
Trevor Burger: Or January of 2019 to
Trevor Burger: I want to say it was like in August or
Trevor Burger: September or something. I joined
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it's you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let's, feel free to join and learn when you first joined
Trevor Burger: This program or a
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any program. What were some of the skills that you know felt we felt like it's tough. What were some of the treatments that you felt like you know resonated with you.
Trevor Burger: I mean, I've tried everything. Like every kind of combination possible rehab I op
Trevor Burger: Rehab IP sober living and
Trevor Burger: None of it ever worked until I actually worked up 12 steps.
And
Trevor Burger: The one thing I found was like the book. It even says that we have a daily reprieve based on our spiritual maintenance so
Trevor Burger: The only time I stayed clean
Trevor Burger: Was the last
Trevor Burger: This treatment that I went to, in January of 2018 I stayed clean for eight months. And that's because I was going to meetings I was doing the steps I was waking up every morning and praying and
Trevor Burger: Doing everything I'm supposed to be doing. And then once that obsession got removed from me. I thought it was gone forever. So
Trevor Burger: I slowly stopped going to meetings slowly stopped praying every day and then that thought came into my head that I should just I could just smoke weed one night and then eight hours later I overdosed on heroin so
Trevor Burger: That's the only thing that's ever worked for me it was doing the program.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I mean,
Trevor Burger: Even though whenever I'm on Suboxone if I'm not doing that all go back out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I'm one of the things I'll elaborate on and didn't set is and individual meetings is there are red flags thought that kind of just follow our thought process with addiction is to relax. So
Joan Kandel: I'm back.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, hi.
Joan Kandel: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Joan Kandel: I'm so bombing, you guys.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so I tried to
Joan Kandel: Open another room.
Joan Kandel: Is going to meet
Joan Kandel: With them individually.
Joan Kandel: But because I opened this room. I can't open another one until this room closes.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so
Joan Kandel: Do you think that you could
Joan Kandel: Meet in in yours.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yes, but
Joan Kandel: I'm so sorry to interrupt you guys
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's just going to be tricky. I went to how the transcript is going to get to the first concert
Joan Kandel: Oh,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Of the bow. What I'll do is I'll just say that the first couple of minutes and I'll give you some meeting number. Alright, so I'm trying to do you have like a pencil to write down my meeting room number
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Trevor Burger: I do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, it's 993-611-9004
Trevor Burger: OK.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: OK, so I'm going to leave this meeting in London. Okay.
Joan Kandel: So, actually.
Joan Kandel: Ella is here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So, okay.
Joan Kandel: So I will
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So I'll just meet with Ella in here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right, that's works. Yeah, I'm sorry.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No, it's okay.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Next week, you won't be like this.
Joan Kandel: You know, it will look at everybody in together.
Joan Kandel: Okay, Jessica.